DOCS-5339 create references for has and protect helpers (#688)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/nextjs/auth.mdx

A Route Handler added to [`publicRoutes`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware#making-pages-public-using-public-routes) can still use the [`auth()`](/docs/references/nextjs/auth) helper to return information about the user or their authentication state, or to control access to some or all of the Route Handler.

> ## Retrieving userId

Reviewer: Do we need a hash redirect? (Maybe you've already done it elsewhere that I haven't noticed)

Author: I scanned the docs for this hash, and its not referenced anywhere. other than that, we haven't done hash redirects in the past.

`auth()` returns the [`Authentication`](/docs/references/nextjs/authentication-object) object with a few extra properties:

> | Name | Type | Description |

Reviewer: Since we fully explain these properties in the H3s below, what do you think of turning this table into a two-item bulleted list that just links to the below sections? Less repetition = easier to maintain IMO

}
```

> ## Data fetching

Reviewer: Hash redirect? Sorry if you've already done these, just marking them all in case not

export async function GET() {
  const {userId, getToken} = auth();

> 

Reviewer: I know this isn't part of your changes, but should this code block really be jsx/tsx, instead of js/ts? I thought it wasn't normal to add the x unless it was a component

Reviewer 2: This is a Route Handler -- it definitely should be `route.[js/ts]`. Route Handlers don't return JSX/TSX. I also believe we have landed on presenting just TypeScript so it probably should be `route.ts`

  if(!userId){
    return new Response("Unauthorized", { status: 401 });
  }

>   const token = await getToken({template: "supabase"});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  try {
    const token = await getToken({ template: "supabase" });
  } catch (error) {
    return NextResponse.json({ error });
  }
```

Prevents it from crashing

Reviewer 2: `getToken()` shouldn't cause a crash, just return null if there is no signed in user.

Reviewer: It will if it doesn't find a template called "supabase" in my testing

Reviewer: ```
js:140:13) {
  toString: [Function (anonymous)],
  status: 404,
  clerkTraceId: 'b49f6ccda0afd0e1bb25fe9a879af04a',
  clerkError: true,
  errors: [
    {
      code: 'resource_not_found',
      message: 'JWT template not found',
      longMessage: 'No JWT template exists with name: supaba2se',
      meta: [Object]
    }
  ]
```

Reviewer 2: TIL. I hadn't fetched a token from a template in a Route Handler before. On the frontend the try/catch does nothing. `null` is returned instead of an error.

  // Add logic here to fetch data from Supabase and return it.
  
  const data = { supabaseData: 'Hello World' };
  

>   return NextResponse.json({ data });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  return Response.json(data);
```

Vercel recommends using standard Web API responses over NextResponse unless absolutely necessary

  return NextResponse.json({ data });
}
```

> ## Authorization

Reviewer: Hash redirect

> `auth()` returns the `Authentication` object, which includes the `has()` helper. `auth()` also returns the `protect()` helper. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`auth()` returns the [`Authentication`](/docs/references/nextjs/authentication-object#authentication-object) object, which includes the `has()` helper. `auth()` also returns the `protect()` helper. 
```

Just for discussion's sake, I know in the style guide it says we should de-dupe reference links, but that should probably be scoped within headings.

I think someone might get a link to this heading, see the `Authentication` object, and want to just be able to click a link to see what that is without having to scroll to the top of the page

Author: I like this idea!! I was the one duping reference links within docs, because I do believe it's helpful in the reading journey to not have to scroll back to a first instance if you want to get to the reference. So I can get on board with this :) let's update the styleguide accordingly

`has()` and `protect()` can be used to check if a user is authorized to access certain parts of your application.

### Use `has()` to check if a user is authorized

Use the [`has()`](/docs/references/nextjs/authentication-object#has) helper in order to check if a user is authorized to access a component.

> In the following example, the `has()` helper is used to check if a user has the `org:team_settings:manage` permission. If the user does not have the permission, `null` is returned. If the user has the permission, the component will return the "Team Settings" heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example:
- `has()` is used to check if a user has the `org:team_settings:manage` permission.
- If the user does not have the permission, `null` is returned.
- If the user has the permission, the component will return the "Team Settings" heading.
```

This makes it easier to skim read IMO

  const { has } = auth();

  const canManage = has({ permission:"org:team_settings:manage" });

  if(!canManage) return null;  

  return <h1>Team Settings</h1>
}
```

### Use `protect()` to check if a user is authorized

Use the [`protect()`](#protect) helper to protect a route handler from unauthorized access.

<Callout type="warning">
  `auth().protect()` only works for App Router and is considered experimental.
</Callout>

In the following example, the `protect()` helper is used to check if a user is authorized to access a route handler. If the user is not authorized, the `protect()` helper will throw a `notFound` Next.js error. If the user is authorized, the `protect()` helper will return the `Authentication` object, which has the `userId` property.

```tsx filename="app/api/route.ts"
import { auth } from "@clerk/nextjs";

export const POST = () => {
  const { userId } = auth().protect({ permission: "org:team_settings:manage" });

  return users.createTeam(userId);
}
```

## Use `auth()` to check your current user's role

In some cases, you need to check your user's current organization role before displaying data or allowing certain actions to be performed. 

> You can use the `orgRole` property of the `Authentication` object, which is returned by the `auth()` helper, to check the user's current role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the current user's role with the `orgRole` property of the `Authentication` object returned by `auth()`, as shown in the following example:
```

Puts the purpose of the action at the front of the sentence; mentions that it's demonstrated in the below example
